Under the tree, Xiaoqiang meets the chairperson
10 minutes ago
Haven't we already met?
Mix the same thing
The position of chairperson is all you can do
Oh Manager Wang
He ran around here
My question.
I'll call security to kick him out later
Mr. Shen is our new chairperson
He's not just a scare
Their new chairperson is not a beauty
Female? Bastard
The company is nominally handed over to Miss Ye
But the actual manager is still Mr. Shen in front of you
He just draws the courier, how is that possible?
Okay, okay, do you need to repeat it a second time?
You weren't a mouth just now
Are you saying that this floor is all yours?
Ah, everyone is here now.
You go on
We're here. Come on
Not the chairperson
Chairperson, I just don't know Mount Tai
There are already a large number of adults
Wang Xiaozi also became the king Wang Xiaozi
Not the emperor
I am your favorite junior
Please help me tell the chairperson
Let go, you're recruited
I just didn't expect you to have so little character
Chairperson, listen to me
Haven't you seen it?
Teacher, I'll deal with it right away
Not walk around walk around me